Meng Qinghan, why are you here?
You live right here.
Yes!
Did you knit that yourself?
Ah, you said that?
My grandmother made that up.
Have you been to Qingyun County before?
How long was it before?
Ten years ago.
There was an earthquake in Qingyun County.
OK
A really big earthquake.
The entire Qingyun line was buried
A lot of people died
Many families are separated
Tianzai
Undergraduate bar
Were you there that day?
My grandmother lives in Qingyun Town
I lived there when I was a kid
Then there was an earthquake.
I went back to the North City
Is it really weird?
But how did he become like this?
Vanity, greed
Is it me coughing?
Where were you on the night of June 17th?
I was in the hospital that day.
I accompany my mother to heal
Really? Yeah?
Dr. Xu is my mother's attending doctor
We were together every day in those days
So cheap inside
He even hit the gold plate
Seems to teach him a lesson
But can't learn